Update of the glossary (#24)
VODF/vodf-docs: source/data_model.rst

    IACT
      Short for "Imaging Atmospheric Cherenkov Telescope"
    
    IRF

>       Short for "Instrument Response File"

Reviewer: It's actually "Instrument Response Function" (not file). It can be stored in one or more files

Reviewer: May also be good to explain better, i.e.  that it allows one to transform from measurements in detector units/coordinates to those in physical units/coordinates.

>       Short for "Instrument Response File"

Author: ```suggestion
      Short for "Instrument Response Function". The set of IRFs allows to transform the measurements in detector units/coordinates to astrophysical quantities with physical units/coordinates
```

    Observation

>       Within our project, an observation should be seen as the minimal set of Science-Ready data (DL3/L1, ie events list + IRFs) that a user can fetch. This set can be discovered by users using the instrument name, the observation time and a sky region. The minimal size definition is up to the observatory/experiment. It can be one  data acquisition sequence (an OB), a subset based on any parameter or a merge of sequences.

Reviewer: I'd avoid "OB" which is internal CTAO jargon.  Maybe say, associated with an `obs_id` instead?

>       Within our project, an observation should be seen as the minimal set of Science-Ready data (DL3/L1, ie events list + IRFs) that a user can fetch. This set can be discovered by users using the instrument name, the observation time and a sky region. The minimal size definition is up to the observatory/experiment. It can be one  data acquisition sequence (an OB), a subset based on any parameter or a merge of sequences.

Author: ```suggestion
      Within our project, an observation should be seen as the minimal set of Science-Ready data (DL3/L1, ie events list + IRFs) that a user can fetch. This set can be discovered by users using the instrument name, the observation time and a sky region. The minimal size definition is up to the observatory/experiment. It can be one  data acquisition sequence (associated with an `obs_id`), a subset based on any parameter or a merge of sequences.
```
